update command layout (#4)
adrienluitot/botanist-website: storage/app/doc/en/commands/poll/_main_.md

This suite of commands provides automatic poll creation. A poll is an embed message sent by the bot to specified channels. Every user can react to the poll to show their opinion regarding the interrogation submitted by the poll. With each reaction, the poll's color will change to give everyone a quick visual feedback of all members' opinion. A poll is generated from a user's message. Currently it only supports messages from a `poll` channel. However it is planned to improve this to allow one to create a poll using a dedicated command. Same goes for poll editing which is yet unsupported. To palliate to this you can remove your poll if you consider it was malformed. Polls can also be deleted when reacting with the `:x:` emoji.

<div class="command">
  <div class="command-head" clearance="anyone">
    poll rm &lt;msg_ig&gt;
  </div>
  <div class="command-desc">
    <p>If the user is the author of the poll with the `msg_id` message, the bot deletes the specified poll</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="command">
  <div class="command-head" clearance="anyone">
    poll status
  </div>
  <div class="command-desc">

>     <p>:warning: DEPRECATED :warning: Returns stats about your active polls. This is also called when one of you poll gets deleted.</p>

Reviewer: Emojis don't work at the moment. I can implement them if you want. Otherwise you need to paste the unicode char instead of the :text:

Author: Done! I think, I don't know how they are interpreted in php, unless it accepts UTF-8 strings and I can include more than the code-point?
```suggestion
    <p>U+26A0 DEPRECATED U+26A0 Returns stats about your active polls. This is also called when one of you poll gets deleted.</p>
```

Reviewer: I'll merge and we'll see

  </div>
</div>

<div class="command">
  <div class="command-head" clearance="anyone">

>     poll extended &lt;description...&gt; &lt;choices...&gt;

Reviewer: I didn't think about this kind of command but line breaks aren't obvious here.

Author: The behavior is explained in the command's description.

Reviewer: I know

Author: Should I improve the explanation?

Reviewer: I think, but I don't really know how. Maybe an example in the desc ?
